1. Prior to the GPS I had a little confusion tied to the relationship between Git locally and what was happening in the cloud with GitHub. More specifically, I was a little unsure of where certain merges should occur (on the computer, then push - or push, then make a pull request). I also had the impression that feature branches uploaded by other users to the GitHub would be pulled to my machine when doing a pull on the Master. I'm definitely feeling like this all makes more sense now, although I'm sure the clarity is going to come and go in stages a little bit for a while yet. 
2. See point one. 
3. Katy was both my pair and guide, and was very helpful with clarifying a number of different questions. Most helpful were Katy's responses to my questions regarding Git/GitHub workflow (what happens where/when, etc.) and proper practices for leaving commit messages, making comments on pull requests, etc. I think that the suggestion that stands out as the most helpful in regards to proper practices was Katy's clarification that commit messages should not occur in the past tense. This helped my understanding a lot, since I was thinking of Git as primarily a historical kind of documentation. I feel like I now have a much better understanding of how it actually functions just as much, if not more, as a tool for communicating and sharing work with other developers. 
4. I'm honestly feeling pretty confident about Git, at the moment. I'm sure that I'm still going to have moments of confusion, but everything makes sense when I am able to take my time and think things through. It may well be that I have yet to discover new confusions, but for the time being I'm feeling like it's pretty clear. Hopefully that's not an illusory sense of clarity...
5. I think this was an excellent experience. I'm actually kind of glad that I ended up just pairing with Katy as my guide. I was feeling a little bit nervous about my lack of knowledge about how to set up screen sharing, etc., and Katy was super helpful with getting me into the swing of how pairing works. I'm excited to complete my coming pairing challenges this week, and for next week's GPS. 